Dk/sn cmdb discovery (#5387)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/servicenow_integration.md

    weight = 50
+++

[ServiceNow](https://www.servicenow.com/) provides cloud-based services that automate enterprise IT operations. ServiceNow specializes in IT service management (ITSM) applications and provides forms-based workflow application development. It supports third-party application and data integrations. The most common integrations are for configuration management, incident management, problem management, change management, user administration, and single sign-on authentication.

> The Chef Automate Integration App for ServiceNow enables the integration of Chef Automate with ServiceNow. This app is a ServiceNow-certified scoped application available from the ServiceNow store. It integrates existing Chef Automate infrastructure and compliance functionality with ServiceNow enterprise services. Once installed and configured, this integration enables Chef Automate to create and update a ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with data from nodes managed by Chef Automate. Chef Automate aggregates information about infrastructure nodes, the Chef Infra Client runs, and Chef Compliance scans, helping you monitor your infrastructure in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Automate Integration App for ServiceNow integrates Chef Automate with ServiceNow. This app is a ServiceNow-certified scoped application available from the ServiceNow store. It integrates existing Chef Automate infrastructure and compliance functionality with ServiceNow enterprise services. Once installed and configured, this integration enables Chef Automate to create and update a ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with data from nodes managed by Chef Automate. Chef Automate aggregates information about infrastructure nodes, the Chef Infra Client runs, and Chef Compliance scans, helping you monitor your infrastructure in real time.
```

> [ServiceNow](https://www.servicenow.com/) provides cloud-based services that automate enterprise IT operations. ServiceNow specializes in IT service management (ITSM) applications and provides forms-based workflow application development. It supports third-party application and data integrations. The most common integrations are for configuration management database (CMDB), incident management, problem management, change management, user administration, and single sign-on authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ServiceNow](https://www.servicenow.com/) provides cloud-based services that automate enterprise IT operations. ServiceNow specializes in IT service management (ITSM) applications and provides forms-based workflow application development. It supports third-party application and data integrations. The most common integrations are for configuration management, incident management, problem management, change management, user administration, and single sign-on authentication.
```

Author: I guess, as such its good. pls relook.

> The Chef Automate Integration App for ServiceNow enables the integration of Chef Automate in the ServiceNow. The Chef Automate integration is a ServiceNow-certified scoped application available from the ServiceNow store. It integrates existing Chef Automate infrastructure and compliance functionality with ServiceNow enterprise services. Once installed and configured, this integration enables Chef Automate to create and update a ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with data from nodes managed by Chef Automate. The Chef Automate Integration App enables Chef Automate to create and update client node records to the configuration management database (CMDB) tables of ServiceNow. Chef Automate aggregates information about infrastructure nodes, the Chef Infra Client runs, and Chef Compliance scans, helping you monitor your infrastructure in real time.

Reviewer: This pulls out a redundant sentence.

```suggestion
The Chef Automate Integration App for ServiceNow enables the integration of Chef Automate with ServiceNow. This integration is a ServiceNow-certified, scoped application available from the ServiceNow store. It integrates existing Chef Automate infrastructure and compliance functionality with ServiceNow enterprise services. Once installed and configured, this integration enables Chef Automate to create and update a ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with data from nodes managed by Chef Automate. Chef Automate aggregates information about infrastructure nodes, the Chef Infra Client runs, and Chef Compliance scans, helping you monitor your infrastructure in real time.
```

Author: goog catch

The Chef Automate Integration App has three default roles:

> - [Role x_chef_automate.admin]({{< relref "servicenow_integration_reference#role x_chef_automate.admin" >}})
> - [Role x_chef_automate.user]({{< relref "servicenow_integration_reference#role x_chef_automate.user" >}})
> - [Role x_chef_automate.api]({{< relref "servicenow_integration_reference#role x_chef_automate.api" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Role x_chef_automate.admin]({{< relref "servicenow_integration_reference#role-x_chef_automateadmin" >}})
- [Role x_chef_automate.user]({{< relref "servicenow_integration_reference#role-x_chef_automateuser" >}})
- [Role x_chef_automate.api]({{< relref "servicenow_integration_reference#role-x_chef_automateapi" >}})
```

Author: oh, for a space in hyperlinked headings, we need to insert 'hypen'?

Author: Ian - its not working... the hyperlinks are taking me to the Events heading.

Author: I didn't realize of removing 'dot'. Later, after publishing to Netlify, I could trace out. My eye for detail is bad :(

- [Creating Users in ServiceNow](https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=t_CreateAUser.html)
- [Assigning Roles in ServiceNow](https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=t_AssignARoleToAUser.html)

### Discovery Source

> The Chef Automate Integration App provides a unique ID that distinguishes between discovered Configuration Items (CIs) and imported CIs. Chef Infra Servers and other CIs discovered by the Integration App take a value of **Chef Automate** by default in the **Discovery Source** field part of the `cmdb_servers` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Automate Integration App provides a unique ID that distinguishes between discovered Configuration Items (CIs) and imported CIs. CIs discovered by the Integration App take a value of **ChefAutomate** by default in the **Discovery Source** field part of the `cmdb_servers` table.
```

- [Creating Users in ServiceNow](https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=t_CreateAUser.html)
- [Assigning Roles in ServiceNow](https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=t_AssignARoleToAUser.html)

### Discovery Source

> The Chef Automate Integration App provides a unique ID as a discovery source that distinguishes between discovered Configuration Items (CIs) and imported CIs. The **Discovery Source** field is part of the `cmdb_servers` table, and it takes **ChefAutomate** value while importing CIs by default.

Reviewer: Do you know the purpose of the `cmdb_servers` table? Is this a list of nodes/servers/anything that have been found by Discovery but haven't been added to the CMDB?

Author: Discovery source is a separate field, that identifies the sources. The CMDB table purpose we have given in the intro. This field is part of the CMDB table to give an identity whether the server is imported or belongs to discovered item.

Reviewer: Ok, this is starting to make sense to me. I think this is correct.

```suggestion
The Chef Automate Integration App provides a unique ID that distinguishes between discovered Configuration Items (CIs) and imported CIs. Chef Infra Servers that are discovered by the Integration App are assigned a value of **ChefAutomate** in the Discovery Source field of the Chef Servers table.
```

Author: Am not sure whether its a Chef Infra server Ian? Shall I change them after confirming with the Eng. team?

Author: this is what eng. team says: instead of, Chef Infra Servers that are discovered by the Integration App; we can say,

Chef Infra Servers and other CIs that are discovered by the Integration App. Because apart from Chef Infra Server there are other CIs too like filesystem, network etc

Reviewer: Ok, I updated my suggestion to just say "CIs that are discovered..." I think that's good.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_discovery.png" alt="Discovery Source">}}

> {{< note >}}
> 
> The servers recognized by Chef Automate Integration App have discovery source value as **ChefAutomate**.
> 
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: We can lose this note since the content is covered in the paragraph before the picture.
```suggestion
```

Author: I guess its required.. as those servers recognized by the app will be taking up ChefAutomate value. In note, again we are emphasizing them. Isnt it?

Reviewer: I don't think we need it because it's almost exactly the same text from the line before the image. It's just redundant. Notes are best used sparingly and only when necessary.

- [Creating Users in ServiceNow](https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=t_CreateAUser.html)
- [Assigning Roles in ServiceNow](https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=t_AssignARoleToAUser.html)

### Discovery Source

> The Chef Automate Integration App provides a unique ID as a discovery source that distinguishes between discovered CIs and imported CIs. The **Discovery Source** field is part of the `cmdb_servers` table, and it takes **ChefAutomate** value while importing CIs by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Automate Integration App provides a unique ID as a discovery source that distinguishes between discovered configuration items (CIs) and imported CIs. The **Discovery Source** field is part of the `cmdb_servers` table, and it takes **ChefAutomate** value while importing CIs by default.
```

> {{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_plugins.png" alt="Discovery Source">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_discovery.png" alt="Discovery Source page on ServiceNow">}}
```

{{< note >}}

The servers recognized by Chef Automate Integration App have discovery source value as **ChefAutomate**.

{{< /note >}}

> Refer [Add New Discovery Source](https://developer.servicenow.com/connect.do#!/event/knowledge19/LAB0577/knowledge19_LAB0577_add_new_discovery_source) page to create a new and unique discovery source that distinguishes discovered CIs and imported CIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to ServiceNow's [Add New Discovery Source](https://developer.servicenow.com/connect.do#!/event/knowledge19/LAB0577/knowledge19_LAB0577_add_new_discovery_source) page to create a new and unique discovery source that distinguishes discovered CIs and imported CIs.
```

Author: This reference is removed based on Eng. team comments

> Refer [Change Discovery Source Name](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/rome-it-operations-management/page/product/discovery/task/t_ChangeTheDiscoverySourceName.html) page to change the source name of discovery results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to ServiceNow's [Change Discovery Source Name](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/rome-it-operations-management/page/product/discovery/task/t_ChangeTheDiscoverySourceName.html) page to change the source name of discovery results.
```
